Candies
Rainbow Candy
Its a hard piece of rock candy, packed with all sorts of flavours. Trick or treat?
Expels a prismatic cloud which grants buffs to nearby players. Allows all within range to cheat death.
Yellow Candy
The overwhelming smell of lemon makes you cringe a little. Trick or treat?
Can't stop, won't stop.
Purple Candy
It has a juicy grape smell. Your mouth begins to water.
Slows your metabolism — but greatly increases your appetite.
Red Candy
A strong scent of cherry fills the room. It’s a bit... <i>too</i> strong. Trick or treat?
Causes a scorching hot wave of fire to spew from your mouth, damaging anyone in your vicinity.
Green Candy
A nasty, herbal smell emits from the candy. Trick or treat?
A laced piece of candy with powerful regenerative properties. Grants a massive health bonus.
Blue Candy
It smells soft and sweet, something akin to a marshmallow. Trick or treat?
Rapidly converts body tissue into marshmallow. Part Man, Part Marshmallow. All Carnage.
Pink Candy
The strawberry scent is as gentle as it looks.
- R E D A C T E D -
Orange Candy
The citrus-scented candy shines with an enticing luster. Trick or treat?
Causes you to radiate a brilliant shade of orange. Enemies struggle to avert their eyes from you.  
White Candy
A distinctly sugary smell emanates from within the wrapper. There doesn’t seem to be any candy inside… Trick or treat?
Temporarily transforms you into a ghost — turning you translucent and allowing you to pass through doors.
Gray Candy
The faint smell of lead emanates from this surprisingly heavy candy. Trick or treat?
Turns you into an extremely heavy and damage resistant piece of lead. Watch out below!
Black Candy
The overwhelming scent of nothingness makes you gag. You remember tasting it infinite times, but you can't recall the flavor. Trick or treat?
Inflicts a random effect. Feeling Lucky?
Brown Candy
The familiar scent of coffee entices you. Trick or treat?
An extremely effective laxative. 
Evil Candy
The piece of candy pulses with an evil energy. Trick or treat?
Turns you evil (really rare).